Renku Users Documentation - Updates (#4255)
SwissDataScienceCenter/renku: docs/docs/10-users/20-getting-started/40-connect-code.md

:::info

> You can connect code repositories from GitHub and [GitLab.com](https://about.gitlab.com/) to RenkuLab, too! Check out the **Integrations** page (accessible via the 👤 user menu in the top right) to connect your accounts and sync access to repositories. For more information, see [How to connect your Renku account to your GitHub or GitLab account](https://docs.renkulab.io/en/latest/docs/users/code/guides/connect-renku-account-to-github-or-gitlab-account). 

Reviewer: * Separate into paragraphs for easier reading
* Add a link to GitHub (not just GitLab)
* Fix link to Renku/GitHub-GitLab integration page

```suggestion
You can connect code repositories from [GitHub](https://github.com) and [GitLab.com](https://about.gitlab.com/) to RenkuLab, too! 

Check out the **Integrations** page (accessible via the 👤 user menu in the top right) to connect your accounts and sync access to repositories. For more information, see [How to connect your Renku account to your GitHub or GitLab account]((../50-code/00-code-repository.md). 
```

And, if your institution has a dedicated GitLab instance you would like to integrate with Renku, do not hesitate to [Contact us](https://docs.renkulab.io/en/latest/docs/users/community), and we will be happy to add it to RenkuLab’s Integrations! 

:::

> For more information about working with code repositories on Renku, check out the **code** section in the [How To Guides](https://docs.renkulab.io/en/latest/docs/users/code/code-repository).

Reviewer: Fix link.

```suggestion
For more information about working with code repositories on Renku, check out the **code** section in the [How To Guides](../50-code/00-code-repository.md).
```
